ABOUT THE PROGRAMM
This is a collection of python scripts in order to analyze radio maps (i.e. from LOFAR) and calculate star formation rates using the condon relation. You will always need two different radio maps with different frequencies, but same size and resolution. You also need a star formation map (again same size and resolution).

The script then uses the two radio maps to calculate the spectral index 'alpha' in order to cut out thermal radio emmissions. The radio maps are then changed to a pixel size of 1200pc and (after converting to SFR via condon) plotted vs the corresponding pixels from the SFR map.

In a second step uses a gaussian filter to smear out the sfr map. This models  simple diffusion of the electrons in the galaxy. The width of the filter 'sigma' is fitted to reach best possible agreement with the condon relation. The sigma is directly proportional to the diffusion length.

HOW IT WORKS
The main program is called 'rpp-main.py'. To run  it you need 3 maps, 2 radio maps and one sfr-map. Those should be all in one directory and have to follow a specific naming pattern.
Additionally you need to update the ini file to fit your galaxy, including name, distance, path to the maps etc.
A working example of NGC 5194 is provided along with the code. The ini file is 'n5194_l_18cm.ini' and the maps are in the folder 'ngc5194'.

Usage is $: python3 rpp-main.py <path to config file> <boolean incl correction>
where the path can be absolute or relative and the boolean is 0 for no correction and 1 for inclination correction.

rpp-compare.py is a standalone script that will write all the resulting data (if you ran rpp for many different galaxies) into one tab separated file for further analysis.

FURTHER READING
A more in depth documentation will be provided in the future. Also check the code for documentation on how exactly it works.

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS
must run with python3, python2 not supported by all the packages used
This programm requires SAOs DS9 version 8 or later to run. Available at: http://ds9.si.edu/site/Beta.html
Also uses pdfunite command from poppler-utils, using the standard linux pdf library
List of python packages used:
	numpy
	math
	matplotlib
	scipy
	astropy
	configparser
	os
	sys
	subprocess
	warnings


